Moderator: Okay, I have started recording. So I'd just like to confirm, are you comfortable if I record my screen and audio as we talk today.
P33: Yes.
Moderator: And are you comfortable if we decided to use a recorded clip from our discussion today to share with other Va partners? If we removed any identifying information.
Moderator: Okay, thank you so much.
Moderator: So before we take a look at that form.
Moderator: I have a couple of questions for you. So
Moderator: look at my records. Is it correct that you are enrolled in the program of comprehensive assistance for family caregivers?
P33: And so the Va. You're talking correct.
Moderator: Yep.
Moderator: Okay. Is it accurate that you can? You applied over 2 years ago.
P33: Yes.
Moderator: Okay. Any idea about how long ago.
P33: We have about 5.
P33: Let's see if this is 24,
P33: yeah, because it was just before Covid. So it's been about 5 years now.
Moderator: Okay, thank you.
Moderator: If you were going to explain the Va. Caregiver program to someone who is interested in enrolling, how would you explain it?
P33: It's a support group that helps you.
P33: gives you some motivational ideas. Is that the right phrase for motivational ideas.
P33: inspirational ideas?
P33: It's a
P33: The biggest part is the support that is, other people like you in the situation that you're in.
Moderator: Okay.
P33: Does that.
P33: There's a word I'm trying to think that's not motivational.
P33: inspirational supportive.
P33: A support group, I guess, is the best to go with it.
Moderator: Okay.
Moderator: Are you the caregiver or the veteran.
P33: I am the caregiver, my wife.
Moderator: Gotcha
Moderator: and are you familiar with the concept of a primary or secondary caregiver?
P33: Not 100%.
P33: Would that be somebody that would be helping me
P33: as a secondary? Is that the is that the definition.
Moderator: Is that what you think it would be.
P33: Yeah, that would be somebody that would be helping me to help her.
Moderator: Okay.
Moderator: thank you. That's helpful.
Moderator: So from your understanding, you are enrolled as a primary caregiver. Correct.
P33: Yes.
Moderator: Okay?
Moderator: So do you remember how you applied to be the caregiver? If it was an online form or in person at a facility. Do you remember how that process went.
P33: It was it was an online. After we had, we had visited the Va. And we had talked to some people there, and they? The suggestion was to check out this
P33: program and that I could do the do the actual application online.
P33: So it's kind of initiated at the Va.
P33: But completed at home on the
P33: on the computer.
Moderator: Gotcha. Okay, thank you.
Moderator: Did you complete that form and any other forms that you needed to do to sign up as a caregiver
Moderator: by yourself? Or did you have help from someone like an accredited representative or a Vso or other source.
P33: not an accredited. It was my wife. We sat here because it needed some information from her, if I remember right. So we sat here and did it together.
Moderator: Gotcha. Okay?
Moderator: Is there anything else that you'd like to share about your experience with the caregiver application, good or bad.
P33: It's been a while, but I think it was pretty straightforward and easy
P33: most most of the stuff I've dealt with the Va, when you've gone online to fill something out.
P33: I, you said that this is sort of between you and me, it's a whole lot easier to do it online than actually go into the Va. Office sometimes and sit there with a clerk.
Moderator: And nothing.
P33: So clerks, it's just that. Sometimes it's just a whole lot easier to do the work on online. And this was one of those cases where we just sat down. And
P33: I mean, it's been a few years. But
P33: no, no issues with the actual form.
Moderator: Okay.
Moderator: what was easier about doing it? Online versus in person.
P33: 1st off. We didn't have to have whatever information we're having to dig through, and all that, and we can do it on our own time.
P33: and that's probably the bigger one is that you're on your own time. You're not feeling like you're rushed, or anything like that.
Moderator: Gotcha. Okay, thank you so much.
Moderator: So next we're gonna change gears. And I'm going to share a link with you to our testing site. And then I'm gonna have you share your screen once you've got that open. So
Moderator: I'm going to send you the link
Moderator: in the Zoom chat, and I can help you find that if you need any help.
Moderator: Okay, I have sent it.
P33: Okay, so click on it.
Moderator: Do you see the link.
P33: Yeah.
Moderator: Okay. Great. Yeah. I want you to open that link
Moderator: in whatever browser you'd like.
P33: It disappeared.
P33: I put the
P33: mouse on top of it, and the link disappeared. Didn't seem to have opened anything.
Moderator: Interesting.
Moderator: Do you see a link anymore or no?
P33: No.
Moderator: Okay. Could send it again.
P33: Okay, there's the link.
P33: Alright. Alright. I got something on the right side.
P33: new messages.
P33: so which the bottom link I should click on. Then
P33: over on the right side of my screen. I've got 2 links that popped up.
Moderator: Okay.
Moderator: yeah, either. Or there's the same link.
P33: Alright! Now take me away, and it's taken me to a browser.
Moderator: Okay.
P33: Program of comprehensive assistance.
Moderator: Perfect. So now I would like you to share your screen with me in zoom. So you have to go back to the zoom window, where you can see me.
P33: Then.
Moderator: And then there should be a button at the bottom in the toolbar that has a green arrow pointing upwards, and it says, Share.
Moderator: do you see that.
P33: Bar
P33: right there.
P33: Okay, alright, that's the one.
P33: And then click on
P33: this.
Moderator: And then it will ask you what you want to share, and you'll want to share that browser with me that has that link open.
P33: Alright! That one!
Moderator: Yep, perfect.
Moderator: Okay.
Moderator: okay, so I'd like you just kind of review this 1st page here and tell me what thoughts you're having about it, and what expectations you have of the form before going ahead and applying
Moderator: cool. Yeah.
P33: Well, the the headline tells you exactly what you're looking at.
P33: Check your eligibility, gather information
P33: I like the fact that it gives you your let's call it the homework
P33: beforehand. So you it wants you to gather the information it gives you a little help thing here
P33: before you start all this. So you know what to have on hand
P33: before you actually start the process. So you're not having to move too far.
P33: So you're not having to go run around.
Moderator: Okay.
P33: Not used to her laptop.
P33: I don't know.
P33: Okay.
P33: get there. There we go.
P33: Okay. Yeah.
P33: Like, it says that that makes it easy enough that it explains real simple
P33: this gives you the help numbers in case you need help with it.
P33: Alright.
P33: And then it's got the little green arrow to say, Start here.
Moderator: Okay.
Moderator: is there anything on this page that stands out to you as being confusing or particularly helpful?
P33: says respondent burden. 15 min. Does that mean? It'll take me 15 min to fill it out.
Moderator: Is that what you think it means?
P33: at 1st myself 15 min, because the 15 min is in bold. So my initial thought was, 15 min was how to how long it'll take to fill it out. But then the word respondent burden
P33: makes it sound like it's a problem.
Moderator: Yeah.
P33: I associate the word burden with a problem.
P33: So my next thought is, does burden mean that'll take 15 min to get a hold of somebody.
Moderator: Okay.
P33: But that that one's a little on the confusing side as to whether it means it'll be 15 min to fill it out
P33: or 15 min to talk to somebody.
Moderator: Yeah, that's really good feedback.
Moderator: It really means the amount of time it's supposed to take you to do the form. But I agree I hate that terminology.
Moderator: anything else standing out as being confusing or particularly helpful.
P33: It has enough numbers and I'm going to assume that because they're all in blue. If I click on them it'll take me to those
P33: to those sites.
P33: Okay? The So
P33: that seems to be.
P33: Oh.
P33: no, it seems I mean, from what I'm reading. It seems to be
P33: very explanative.
Moderator: Okay.
P33: Simple, other than other than that one work.
P33: Okay.
Moderator: Okay, if you were gonna rate this page on a scale of one to 5, 1 being the worst and 5 being the best. How prepared and informed do you feel about the application you're about to begin? Based on this page's content.
P33: Based on the page content. I think I would be pretty well prepared. So I would say, it's a 5
P33: assuming this is all the stuff that's on here is what I do need, that they're not gonna come up with something else later on. Oh, you would need your passport number or something.
P33: Okay, but as far as explaining, explaining everything and in the order.
P33: and in very simple terms.
P33: and easy to follow.
Moderator: Okay. Thank you.
P33: My use of this touch. Pad.
Moderator: It's it's like everybody has their setup a little differently.
P33: I'm a mouse. Person personally.
Moderator: Yeah, me, too.
P33: Quit touching it.
P33: like I said, you've got the green button there, so I know I know where to click, to start.
Moderator: Okay. So I'd like you to go ahead and start the form as if you were applying for the program.
Moderator: Okay? So I'm just gonna have you fill out the form as though you were really applying and this is just a reminder. This is just our testing site. So you don't have to worry about any of the information that you enter. Going anywhere.
Moderator: You can enter real information, fake information. It doesn't matter. I'll give you a fake social security number to put in when we get there.
P33: There!
Moderator: So just think aloud as you're going. I want to hear about any reactions that you're having.
P33: I'm using. I guess it's her real name, because that's the easiest one to make up
P33: my leg.
P33: I don't think I touched too many letters. But okay, so far so good
P33: as far as getting names in it. If I hit
P33: down a little bit I can get to the rest of the form.
P33: Okay?
P33: And you've got it well marked to say, well, this is required. This is required.
P33: No suffix
P33: veterans. Date of birth.
P33: July.
P33: Okay. Then hit continue. That was easy enough. It's all simply laid out like I says, the stuff that you do need. It's it says, as far as the 1st and last name.
Moderator: Okay.
P33: And then the social security number. You see, you had a.
Moderator: Yep.
Moderator: you can put 3, 2, 1.
P33: Okay.
Moderator: It's not typing in the field. I think you have to click on the field. Maybe. Okay, 3, 2, 1.
P33: What I'll fit.
Moderator: 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9.
P33: I don't know.
P33: Dude
P33: alright. Next page.
P33: What is nice are the pages are short so far.
P33: so it's not like I'm scrolling through 40 or 50 lines of information.
Moderator: Okay.
P33: Take it. Okay, not in the box. That's why
P33: try that.
P33: Okay?
P33: And next page, and so far. And then you need up to help stuff at the bottom.
P33: So if I'm having a problem, I can contact somebody for some help.
Moderator: Okay.
P33: Next one.
P33: Better contacts. Phone number.
P33: yeah, what's a real phone number? Maybe.
Moderator: It might not take like a sequential number. It could just kind of tell it's fake
Moderator: so random numbers is best.
P33: Okay. Yeah.
Moderator: As long as it's 10. Yeah.
P33: Smart. That's smarter than I am.
P33: Yeah.
P33: Okay. What's the shortest one?
P33: I think this is the shortest one.
P33: alright.
P33: Oh.
P33: oh, I forgot that little sign.
P33: Keep that.
P33: and that's
P33: now we're good, all right
P33: the 8 medical conferences.
P33: Who wants to know the where we go for
P33: services? Right?
Moderator: Is that what you think? It's asking?
P33: Yes.
P33: it's asking what would be a center.
P33: Okay.
Moderator: And how would you prefer to search for a Va. Facility.
P33: A lot of the ones that I've dealt with, where you're applying for something the moment you start to type it in, it doesn't auto fill
P33: so like in this case, when I would start to do the Great Lakes, it would fill in Great Lakes for me
P33: as to what they actually use for their address.
Moderator: Okay.
Moderator: you kind of expect that to auto populate while you're typing.
P33: Yeah.
Moderator: Okay.
P33: If I search, there's something come up.
P33: Yeah, it's found one.
P33: Okay.
Moderator: Why are you selecting that one.
P33: As it says the Captain Lowell. That's where we go.
Moderator: Okay.
P33: Yeah.
P33: I didn't realize there were so many more below it. But yeah, the the top one that showed up this.
P33: does it say Great Lakes doesn't say Great Lakes on there, but that's the one that we go to is the low, level.
P33: level, lovely.
Moderator: Gotcha.
Moderator: you can keep going.
Moderator: Okay. So
Moderator: If you were to rate that process of selecting the facility on a scale of one to 5 again, one being bad, 5 being the best.
Moderator: How would you rate that process.
P33: Actually, it's pretty easy. So 5. Because I said, I just typed in Great Lakes, and that's why I recognized it, as I don't always call it the level center.
P33: So when I typed in Great Lakes is my understanding, it put the level center as the top one it gave me. I think it was like 5 choices after it.
P33: and some of them I've I've never heard of before, and didn't realize there was a place in Hoffman estates, but
P33: it gave me other places, but it wouldn't. The place that we'd go number one, and I didn't have to, you know, didn't recall it as being love as as being the James Lovell Center
P33: 25, because it did. It did a lot more work for me than I did.
Moderator: Okay.
Moderator: Now.
P33: My next. My next question is this, we're up to page 5. I think it says just out of curiosity. If something came up in the middle of all this, and I had to stop. Is there a way of saving it? And coming back to this point.
P33: do I gotta fill it all out, not knowing how many pages there are going to be eventually.
Moderator: yeah, would you want to be able to do that?
P33: Yeah, if something came up, you know, an emergency that I had to leave, I wouldn't want to leave this on the computer
P33: in case something, you know, let's say the computer battery at night, or something.
P33: or in this case the dog starts to bark.
Moderator: But.
P33: But if something came up that I had to leave, you know
P33: in the middle of this, and like I says, I'm not sure how many total pages there are.
P33: But sometimes, when you're filling applications out, there's a bar to save for later.
P33: Continue without having to go back to page one.
Moderator: Yeah, there is not a way to do that on this form. And we we're trying to get feedback if people would want that. So that's really helpful. Thank you.
Moderator: What would you do if you wanted to change the facility that you selected.
P33: Can I simply go back? Let's see if there's this thing.
Moderator: Yeah, let's do that.
P33: Go back one step.
P33: Okay. Now, I gotta start all over again, don't I?
P33: That was this facility because it didn't show me, okay, so great Lakes.
P33: Okay? So if I simply switch and and click something else, will that will it? Recognize that as my primary place
P33: by just going around.
P33: and then, if I continue, it'll save in that case, Evanston, as my place.
Moderator: Is that what you expect to happen.
P33: Yeah. And then it tells me down here. It tells me what I selected that it
P33: of the place in Evanston, on Dumpster Street.
P33: so that that that works just like I would expect it to work.
Moderator: Okay.
P33: Okay. Now, I got something else here.
P33: So I get the whole page in here.
P33: This is over. You plans to receive treatment.
P33: and then it says, says the second, that my assigned care giver support is at the level center.
P33: so would I have to switch it over here, too, or.
Moderator: Is that what you think you'd have to do?
P33: treatment. This is the facility. Alright. It said that I selected the Evanson Center.
P33: and it says, this is where you
P33: plan to receive
P33: treatment, but it tells me my I'm assigned to the James level. So I don't think I've actually switched facilities yet.
P33: They're still telling me that my primary place is the level center.
Moderator: Okay, so what would you do?
P33: Well, at this point I'd ask you is.
P33: did I actually switch it?
P33: But I don't think I actually switched because it's telling me that I'm assigned to
P33: one place, but I'm wanting to go to another.
Moderator: Yeah. So pretend I'm not here, and you are filling this out for real.
P33: That's what I would, what I would personally do. I would continue and see what what it, what shows up in the next box.
Moderator: Okay, you can go ahead and do that.
Moderator: So I'm curious what the term primary caregiver means to you.
P33: The primary caregiver would mean the the main person that does the largest percentage of the time.
P33: If there were 2 or 3 of us working on this.
P33: Let's say this was my father and me and my wife were taking care of my father.
P33: which one of us was doing the bulk of the work. Let's let's say, situation, because this is probably more accurate a father or mother. Father-in-law lives in the house with
P33: the younger adults. And one of the younger adults is is working a full time job. So one is taking care of the the veteran.
P33: Let's say, 80%, 90% of the time
P33: when the when the one that's working comes home from work. Now they give the other one some relief time and get some, you know, their own downtime.
P33: and that would be why, I would refer to as a secondary care bureau.
Moderator: Okay. Gotcha.
P33: You know, in my case it's me. So I'm the primary secondary, and whatever you know, whatever once follow after it.
P33: it's just, you know a 1 person show type thing here.
P33: But if you have
P33: people, that's a different story.
Moderator: Okay.
Moderator: so let's go through and add you as the primary caregiver.
P33: I don't know if that was my most go.
P33: Never heard.
P33: Okay, easy enough. It's similar to the
P33: the 1st time the 1st page.
P33: August.
P33: That button makes it a whole lot easier.
P33: suppose
P33: okay.
P33: and the same social security as before or.
Moderator: Yeah, you can do that and just enter like one number differently. So we'll do 3, 2, 1,
Moderator: 4, 5, 6,
Moderator: 7, 8, 8.
P33: And then it hides it hides. I didn't notice this before, but it hid the 1st half of the
P33: security number and shows me just my last 4.
P33: So that's a good. That's a good.
P33: That's a good option, though.
P33: Then it auto auto fills my address, says, use this address. So it saves me the hassle of filling everything else out.
P33: and it fills it in for me. That's good, too.
Moderator: Okay.
P33: Yes.
P33: I assume that if if I click no on either of them, I have to fill it in.
P33: If my address was different
P33: than than the veteran. Correct.
Moderator: That what you would expect.
P33: Yeah, that's what I would expect is that if if
P33: if I clicked or didn't click, yes, on the last page.
P33: then I would have to put my address, my actual address in.
Moderator: Okay.
P33: Okay, contact information, more phone numbers. Okay?
P33: And we learned the last time.
P33: Okay.
P33: now, if I don't have a second number, will it recognize that. Okay, or what? I want a second number for me.
Moderator: What do you expect?
P33: I would expect that it's okay. It wouldn't.
P33: It wouldn't necessarily need a second phone number.
Moderator: Okay.
P33: And put the
P33: but
P33: alright. So this is wants to know if I want to put a secondary in there. Correct.
P33: let's go to secondary family caregiver, applicant information.
P33: So if I had somebody else here like, I said in the other one, if if we were taking care of my father-in-law or my father.
P33: and I could put my wife in here as a secondary.
Moderator: Okay, what does the secondary caregiver mean to you?
P33: Like, I said. It means that if this situation, we had 3 of us here, and one being the veteran, the one doing the bulk of the work is the primary caregiver. The secondary is somebody who is helping me help take care of the veteran.
P33: And so, if it was a father here it'd be, you know.
P33: and I had a and my wife had a full time job, and then when she comes home, she would relieve me, and give give me some help with
P33: with the veteran.
Moderator: Okay.
Moderator: how do you think that the secondary caregiver role differs in the application process and the benefits from the primary caregiver.
P33: Probably no difference at all, as far as signing up, probably the very same information I would expect, and the same way, because my. The sheet that I filled out for me as a primary was pretty much the same
P33: as as enrolling the veteran.
P33: so I would think that the
P33: the secondary would be pretty much the same, the same format.
Moderator: Okay.
Moderator: do you think that the benefits would differ for the secondary caregiver than the primary caregiver.
P33: probably only from the primary, is putting more time and more.
P33: is effort, the right word. But they're they're they're more involved and more in depth on it. So I would think that the primary
P33: benefits would be greater than the secondary. I could be wrong on that. But.
Moderator: Okay.
P33: Usually. That's the way that things happen.
Moderator: Let's say no to this question just for the sake of time.
Moderator: So we can that part.
P33: Alright review it, and
Moderator: So I have a question about what we've gone through so far. If you were completing this form for real, how would you coordinate. Getting all this information from everyone involved.
P33: In my particular case, I've got it all here only because I've been through so many different things as far as social security cards and all that stuff.
P33: If I had a secondary who was not living here with me then this would be something I would do in person with them because I wouldn't want them emailing me or texting me that information
P33: so hopefully, they're they're not somebody that lives that far away. But I would personally take the old fashioned pen and paper.
P33: get the information from them that I would need, and then bring it back and sit down and fill it out.
P33: or if it's easy enough, if the time time frame is, have them here with me when I'm filling it out, but not doing a thing. We're out, you know, I think a lot of people would jump on the text and say, Hey, text, me, your social security number, or this number.
P33: and it's like,
P33: that's not always bad, but it's not always good to today.
P33: but like I said I would, I would definitely do the pen and paper, if not if I couldn't get them with me sitting next to me when we did this.
Moderator: Okay, Gotcha. Thank you.
Moderator: Alright. So, taking a look at this page, can you describe what it's asking and what it means to you?
P33: This is sort of like that is legal disclaimer the right word it wants me to review. Make sure that everything that I have submitted is correct
P33: and that all the numbers are right. And it just reminds me that it's important that this is all correct.
P33: and it gives me a chance here to
P33: the veteran signed for myself or represent. So it gives me the option. In my case. I would click the bottom button, because I'm signing for somebody else versus this being my wife, who's the actual veteran.
P33: So I would click the bottom one. But everything here seems to be quite well worded and easy enough to understand.
P33: And is there a button to review.
Moderator: Is that what you're looking for.
P33: Yes, there was an easy button to review. I have another form that I had to fill out for something else, and every time you wanted to review it. There was a little button
P33: down at the bottom to review what I filled out without. It would show you
P33: what cause it was like a 12 page application.
P33: and so there's quite a bit of information on there.
Moderator: Okay.
P33: We do have this one here where you know I need certain documents, and it tells me what they can't accept. And that's always a good idea, because a lot of people think.
P33: especially if you go to Dmv. I bring this along with
P33: and then you get to. You. Stand in line for the Dnv. For an hour. Then it's like, Wait a second. You got the wrong stuff.
P33: So that's a good thing to have on there to tell me, you know. Don't worry about bringing this because this ain't going to do any good.
P33: Okay.
Moderator: Okay? And what type of document would you upload.
P33: I, personally don't have a problem uploading, because there's some other forms that I've had to fill out for other things on this kind of a thing. So I don't have a problem uploading a picture of my driver's license, a little hesitant about the Social Security card. But I've had to do that.
P33: So as far as uploading me that I you know
P33: I feel pretty safe and secure that I can upload documents, especially to the Va.
P33: And so, as far as uploading, I'm I'm pretty good with anything.
Moderator: Okay. And are you a legal representative for the veteran.
P33: Not the legal down as far as power of attorney.
P33: Is that what you're asking about?
Moderator: It can be that, or it can be
Moderator: can be other other methods. So you're not sure.
P33: Not. I don't believe I'm a legal, the word being legal
P33: So she would have to click it for herself. Is that?
P33: Or she would have to fill it out for herself, or can I fill it out for her.
Moderator: I'd like you to do what you would do if you were filling it out.
P33: Okay. If I was filling this out I would click that second bottom button. That's saying that I'm
P33: her representative with legal authority for signing on behalf of her, because I can sign the checkbooks for her.
P33: and I can sign
P33: I can't sign with the title for the car. We went through that yesterday. We found that out.
P33: She she has to be there as well, or I. We have to be there together, I should say
P33: I would say that I would. I would check the bottom box.
Moderator: Okay, you can go ahead and do that.
Moderator: What would you expect to happen next?
P33: Let's see what that does.
P33: I would think there's going to be some sort of a electronic signature. Capture.
P33: Page would be next.
Moderator: Okay.
Moderator: you can continue.
P33: Oops.
P33: Alright, George, get it up there
P33: early, though.
P33: says her keyboard. Don't like me.
P33: Yeah.
P33: Yep, there's the power of attorney. Okay.
P33: okay? So that's what I want. All those, is it? Oh, just one of these. Okay, so it's quite descriptive as to what I can do.
P33: Disclaimer appointment, better service organization
P33: down here.
P33: and then then you also give information on how to do it. So that that's a big help to a lot of people.
Moderator: Okay.
P33: Documents. Okay?
P33: And then assume if I hit the upload it'll take me to my
P33: Say, I would have a
P33: scan all this stuff first.st
P33: What I would do is I I scan it, put it into a file and some of the stuff I may already have
P33: on file and then upload it off of the computer. Once I've had it scanned into the file.
P33: and you're quite explicit in making sure that everything is
P33: load images.
Moderator: So what kind of document would you upload now that you've seen this page.
P33: The 1st one I'd be looking for is the power of attorney, because that seems to be.
P33: I've been through that with my parents on the power of attorney, and that seems to.
P33: answer a lot of people's questions. If you have that that seems to be more valid than a lot of other.
P33: I items another type of document that your State considers proof of authority.
P33: Yeah, I'll serve
P33: alternate sign in.
P33: Okay, so there's a form I can get from the Va. Here. It looks like the the fill out
P33: that that.
P33: And I just need one of these correct. And now that I'm reading it. It just says or or or or
P33: okay.
P33: the easiest one to do. And this is me is to get the form here.
P33: I assume I can download this Va form 21 dash oh, 9, 7, 2
P33: and have her and me sign this and then upload it.
P33: That seems to be the simplest one.
P33: Whereas power of attorney, you gotta go to the
P33: bank at the safety deposit box and get it out of there.
Moderator: Okay.
P33: So you've got a couple of different options to download forms which which would make it somewhat easier. Sign them.
P33: And I'm not, and I'm not real sure what somebody we have a scanner and everything else here. So
P33: we don't have too much of a problem. I don't know what someone who doesn't have
P33: all this access, how they would go about downloading it onto their system.
P33: if if they had the form, and and I don't know. This is just off the top of my head. If I had the form I had my camera. Can I take a picture of the form and download? That? Would that be acceptable?
P33: Having a picture of the form versus actually downloading the actual form.
Moderator: Yeah, do you think it would? Based on what you see here?
P33: Some places. Accept the pictures like that. Other places you've got to have the actual form, you know, filled out and downloaded.
P33: And my thinking, this being part of the Va. That you're going to
P33: the actual form downloaded somewhere versus simply taking a picture of it
P33: and shell
P33: copying it off of your phone.
Moderator: Okay. Gotcha.
P33: So my! My! Guess
P33: they wouldn't accept a a picture of it.
Moderator: Okay.
Moderator: So let's go back a step and just select that you're the veteran, so we can bypass this
Moderator: upload step
Moderator: if you go down to the bottom where it said, continue, you can go back.
Moderator: Let's do that. Select. I'm the veteran
Moderator: and then continue.
Moderator: okay.
P33: If I review this, does it tell me, okay,
P33: better statement of truth. Okay. So then they want the full name here, is that?
P33: Okay? So I put in.
P33: okay. So
P33: And
P33: I forgot. I use her middle name.
P33: Oh, boy, I suppose Elizabeth's wrong.
Moderator: Okay, how would you correct that.
P33: I don't know. Probably have. Oh, wait, says Edit. So
P33: let's edit this so can I get rid of.
P33: We'll make this easy, I hope?
P33: Yeah, very little.
P33: Okay.
P33: Update page
P33: no.
P33: Then I go down here and simply type in and live.
P33: Oh, yeah.
P33: So it's looking for
P33: alright.
Moderator: I just wanted to flag that we're a little over the scheduled time. I can keep going a little longer if you're able to.
P33: Sure.
P33: Okay, we can't be too far from them, can we?
Moderator: Yeah, we're getting to the end here.
P33: no.
Moderator: Yeah, it won't actually
Moderator: let you on our testing site. But.
P33: Oh!
Moderator: I'm curious what you thought about like, what's your comfort level filling out and signing
Moderator: without all the people involved present on this page.
P33: What's my feeling on signing? All run, run it by again.
Moderator: What's your comfort level of filling out and signing that information? If all the people involved weren't present.
P33: I would.
P33: I don't have a problem if I know that like in this case
P33: I would have sat down and talked with my wife and said, Here's what we're going to do. And then, if she had to do what she had to do, then I have no problem with it.
P33: If I'm signing up a secondary person like I said, I would have had to get some information from them.
P33: so they would have known I'm doing this, and once I did this, I would call them and say, Hey, you know we're signed up.
P33: So I don't have a problem filling out information
P33: like this when somebody else is not around. As long as they know that I'm going to do it.
P33: If
P33: I didn't
P33: talk to somebody I wouldn't have signed. They said. You know what. It'd be a great idea to sign Steve up and have him give me a hand. I'll sign him up as a secondary, but not ask him
P33: 1st off. I wouldn't have necessarily have his information.
P33: but I just wouldn't feel right signing somebody up and not explaining to them what I was signing them up for.
P33: because I would think at some point they might get some sort of notification from the Va. And they'll go. What's all of this about.
Moderator: Okay.
P33: So I I don't have a i i'm very comfortable signing somebody up, not being here
P33: as long as I have talked to them prior to it.
Moderator: Okay, Gotcha. Thank you.
Moderator: Okay. So for the last page that would come after this, I'm gonna share my screen and show it to you because we can't get it on the testing site. So I will just take the screen sharing over
Moderator: and share that page. Can you see it. Okay? Do you need me to zoom in at all?
P33: Yeah, that's it. Thank you for completing the application that might
P33: Then it tells me who submitted, and my confirmation number and all of that.
P33: Okay, what to expect.
P33: And again, more questions. So you've got places to go that get answers.
P33: And then they repeal us.
P33: okay.
Moderator: So could you describe to me in your own words what this page is telling you happened, and what comes next in the process.
P33: What has happened is, has told me that my my information has been submitted. It actually gives me a little down blurb here of of what to expect next.
P33: as far as
P33: Want to get some sort of an email response type thing.
P33: If there's something I'm not quite sure of, and I think that would fall into category if I was denied.
P33: Would it deny me right away when I see like my, you know, if I click, submit, will it say it was denied? Right then, or after a period of time, I would get a denial letter.
Moderator: What do you think would happen.
P33: My guess is I would get a denial letter through the email saying that there was something wrong either in misinformation or
P33: lack of information, or I sent the wrong documents.
P33: And so
P33: it does. Give me a couple of options here for asking more questions, and then.
P33: if I'm actually denied. It gives me a whole appeal process on how to reapply if I'm if I've been denied.
P33: And again looking at it, it all seems to be very.
P33: very simply explained
P33: a very simple process. If I if I did get denied on how
P33: how to repeal for.
Moderator: Okay. Is there anything that you'd like to see here that you don't.
P33: No, it seems to be pretty
P33: now. Can I get back to this page so I can get a if something came up. Can I get a confirmation number, or do I got to write it all down?
P33: The 1st timers are a way of getting back to this in the future.
Moderator: That's a good question. What would you expect?
P33: Actually, I think about what I would when I get my letter, one way or another, whether I get an email or or a
P33: I'd be expecting an email, I guess, versus a paper letter.
P33: But I would think that whatever correspondence I got next, whether it says congratulations you've been accepted, or you've been denied, it'll have the confirmation number in it.
P33: So that's what I would expect more so rather than
P33: my knee jerk reaction at this point is before I venture from this page. What I would do is print the screen page, and then throw that into my
P33: into my file so that I had the actual spring page printed.
P33: I don't know if it's not a printer on Screen Page, but that much I do know in that way. I've got a a receipt type thing.
Moderator: Gotcha. Okay, thank you. That's helpful.
Moderator: I'm gonna stop sharing my screen. Now. I just have a couple of final questions, and then we are done.
P33: Okay.
Moderator: So what research would you want to do before applying and completing a form like this? Now that you've seen it.
P33: Probably more so the word you use, and that's the benefits to me, and I would look at to see what kind of benefits work to me, and or if I did have a secondary and find out what kind of benefits would help
P33: that would be available to both of us
P33: and then, like, I says, that 1st page shows you
P33: the homework you need to do. You need the following information, so I would dig up all of the both my information
P33: and the veterans information, and make sure I've got all their numbers, so I'm not having to get up in the middle and go run around and try and dig up information from either me, the veteran, or if there were secondary.
Moderator: Okay.
Moderator: What were your thoughts about the amount of information that was provided in the form? Did you think it was too much too little, or just enough.
P33: Average for what va forms I fill out. It seems to be pretty much about what
P33: the standard that I would expect.
P33: what might, what might be helpful. I didn't notice it. And then you tell me if it was there, there might be a little blurb in the one of the lower corners. Page one of 5 or page 2, or 5 or 8. How many. So it gives you an idea physically where you're at compared to where you're going to be at.
P33: you know. Okay, this is a 24 page. Process.
P33: I sit down with a cup of coffee type thing, and
P33: and and start filling it out versus if it's only 5 pages, maybe something like that.
Moderator: Okay, Gotcha, that's helpful.
P33: Did you did have that
P33: respondent? What is what was it called?
Moderator: Burden.
P33: Heard, responded Burden of 15 min. But let's be honest, not everybody's 15 min, especially when you're typing and
P33: trying to do that. One person can type a whole lot faster than somebody who does one finger hunt and peck. And all this so.
Moderator: Yeah.
P33: Page total might be more helpful than telling me. It's only only going to be 15 min.
Moderator: Okay, thank you.
Moderator: Was there any information additional information about who qualifies to be a primary or secondary caregiver that you would have liked to see.
P33: That might have been helpful. Yeah, because there wasn't some. It said there was a secondary, but I don't think it went in depth as to who qualifies and
P33: that kind of a thing. So maybe more of a of a definition of the actual positions.
Moderator: Okay?
Moderator: Alright. So that is all the questions I have for you. Did you have any questions for me?
P33: It seems easy enough straightforward. And you know the
P33: very well written so that it's it's easily understandable, because
P33: that's
P33: I've met some people when you're at the Va. And not all of them are computer savvy?
P33: And the easier it is for them
P33: the the you know.
P33: it makes the whole life. The your helpline gets a lot less calls.
Moderator: Yeah, absolutely.
Moderator: Okay.
Moderator: So I just want to circle back and reconfirm. Are you comfortable? If we were to share a video clip of this session with our Va. Partners removing any information that could be used to identify you.
Moderator: Yes.
Moderator: Is there any part of our discussion that you wouldn't want shared in a video clip.
P33: No.
Moderator: Okay.
Moderator: alright. Well, we really appreciate you taking the time to share your thoughts with us. The feedback is really helpful, so we can improve this form and make sure
Moderator: it's working really well for all veterans and caregivers. Lastly, Perigan, which is the company that sent you the invite to this meeting.
Moderator: We'll send you a thank you. Note in your email, and that will include a little blurb that you could pass along. If you know any other veterans or caregivers who may want to participate in research studies like this.
P33: Okay.
Moderator: Alright, that is it. Thank you so much. I really appreciate the patience with the signing on and and being able to hear. Thank you so much. This was a really helpful session, so I'm glad we kind of figured out.
P33: All right. Thank you.
Moderator: Alright! Thank you. Enjoy the rest of your day.
P33: You, too. Bye-bye.
Moderator: Hi.